Update web-ext-command-reference.md (#1434)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/web-ext-command-reference.md

You need to create [API access credentials](http://addons-server.readthedocs.org/en/latest/topics/api/auth.html#access-credentials) to run this command. [Obtain your personal access credentials here](https://addons.mozilla.org/developers/addon/api/key/).

#### `--use-submission-api`

> Use the experimental [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html), rather than the [addons.mozilla.org signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html) to sign your extension. This allows listed versions to be freely created by enabling all nessecary additional metadata to be submitted at the same time as the extension file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the experimental [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html), rather than the [addons.mozilla.org signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html) to sign your extension. This allows listed versions to be freely created by enabling all necessary additional metadata to be submitted at the same time as the extension file.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

With this option enabled, `--channel` changes to be a required field with no default.  The choices remain `listed` and `unlisted`.
```

You need to create [API access credentials](http://addons-server.readthedocs.org/en/latest/topics/api/auth.html#access-credentials) to run this command. [Obtain your personal access credentials here](https://addons.mozilla.org/developers/addon/api/key/).

#### `--use-submission-api`

Use the experimental [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html), rather than the [addons.mozilla.org signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html) to sign your extension. This allows listed versions to be freely created by enabling all necessary additional metadata to be submitted at the same time as the extension file.

With this option enabled, `--channel` changes to be a required field with no default.  The choices remain `listed` and `unlisted`.

> Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_USE_SUBMISSION_API`

Author: ```suggestion

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_USE_SUBMISSION_API`
```

You need to create [API access credentials](http://addons-server.readthedocs.org/en/latest/topics/api/auth.html#access-credentials) to run this command. [Obtain your personal access credentials here](https://addons.mozilla.org/developers/addon/api/key/).

#### `--use-submission-api`

Use the experimental [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html), rather than the [addons.mozilla.org signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html) to sign your extension. This allows listed versions to be freely created by enabling all necessary additional metadata to be submitted at the same time as the extension file.

With this option enabled, `--channel` changes to be a required field with no default.  The choices remain `listed` and `unlisted`.

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_USE_SUBMISSION_API`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::: note
This option was added in web-ext 7.3.1.
:::

```

#### `--api-url-prefix`

> The signing API URL prefix. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v4` which is the production API.  

Author: I'm not sure about the `&nbsp;`s in the file - they were already there and this is my first documentation patch so 🤷.  Remove them?  Extra spaces are a mistake

> The signing API URL prefix. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v4` which is the production API.  

Author: ```suggestion
The signing API URL prefix. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v4` which is the production API.
```

::: note alert

> This variable is not used with the add-on submission API. See --amo-base-url instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is ignored when `--use-submission-api` is used. See `--amo-base-url` instead.
```

:::

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_API_URL_PREFIX`

#### `--amo-base-url`

> The add-on submission API base URL. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v5` which is the production API.  

Reviewer: Why do we need `&nbsp;` here?

Author: same as above.

> The add-on submission API base URL. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v5` which is the production API.  

Author: ```suggestion
The add-on submission API base URL. This should always be a string. If not specified, this will default to&nbsp;`https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v5` which is the production API.
```

::: note alert

> This variable is not used with the signing API. See --api-url-prefix instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is ignored when `--use-submission-api` is used. See `--api-url-prefix` instead.
```

:::

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_AMO_BASE_URL`

<section id="api-proxy"></section>

#### `--api-proxy`

> A proxy host to use for all API connections. Example: `https://yourproxy:6000.`Read more about [how proxy requests work](https://github.com/request/request#proxies). There is a separate section about [signing in a restricted environment](/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/#restricted-environment) if the proxy approach doesn't work for you. 

Author: So, these extra spaces are because I originally wrote the "note alert"s as a follow on sentence and apparently stripping off spaces on save is a per-project rather than a global setting in vscode 😬

> A proxy host to use for all API connections. Example: `https://yourproxy:6000.`Read more about [how proxy requests work](https://github.com/request/request#proxies). There is a separate section about [signing in a restricted environment](/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/#restricted-environment) if the proxy approach doesn't work for you. 

Author: ```suggestion
A proxy host to use for all API connections. Example: `https://yourproxy:6000.`Read more about [how proxy requests work](https://github.com/request/request#proxies). There is a separate section about [signing in a restricted environment](/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/#restricted-environment) if the proxy approach doesn't work for you.
```

::: note alert
Proxies are not currently supported with the add-on submission API. See https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/2472.

> :::

Reviewer: I would remove this note for now, the CLI flag is experimental and there is a PR for the proxy support already.

> 
> ::: note alert
> Proxies are not currently supported with the add-on submission API. See https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/2472.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
```

| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `listed`   | The extension gets submitted for public listing on [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org). With the signing API this type of channel is not well supported and cannot be used for some cases, as documented below. (The add-on submission API has full support.) |
| `unlisted` | The extension gets submitted for signing for the purpose of [self-distribution](/documentation/publish/self-distribution/) on your own website.                                                                                                                                                      |

</div>

One example of using the `--channel` option is to [create a beta version](/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/#signing-test-version-listed) for a `listed` extension (that is, one you have already [submitted to addons.mozilla.org](/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on/)).

::: note alert

> With the signing API, setting `--channel=listed` for a new extension is not yet supported. See [https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804](https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804). (The add-on submission API has full support.)

Author: Yeah, it makes the `channel` section in particular a real mess but I wasn't sure how to structure it because all of the notes and warnings only apply to the old signing api.

> With the signing API, setting `--channel=listed` for a new extension is not yet supported. See [https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804](https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804). (The add-on submission API has full support.)

Reviewer: so should we revert these changes and the other ones below?

> With the signing API, setting `--channel=listed` for a new extension is not yet supported. See [https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804](https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804). (The add-on submission API has full support.)

Author: ```suggestion
Setting `--channel=listed` for a new extension is not yet supported. See [https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804](https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804)
```

#### `--channel`

> This specifies the `channel` in which the extension is signed. For the signing API, it defaults to `unlisted` or the `channel` of your extension's latest version. For the add-on submission API, this option is required and has no default.
> 
> The allowed values for `channel` are:

Author: ```suggestion
This specifies the `channel` in which the extension is signed. It defaults to `unlisted` or the `channel` of your extension's latest version. When the `--use-submission-api` option is specified the behaviour of `--channel` - and the limitations - are quite different than explained here: see the documentation for `--use-submission-api` above for more information.

The allowed values for `channel` are:
```

<div class="table-wrapper table-scroll">

| Channel    | Result                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `listed`   | The extension gets submitted for public listing on [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org). With the signing API this type of channel is not well supported and cannot be used for some cases, as documented below. The add-on submission API has full support (see `--use-submission-api`). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `listed`   | The extension gets submitted for public listing on [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org). This type of channel is not well supported and cannot be used for some cases, as documented below. |

| `listed`   | The extension gets submitted for public listing on [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org). With the signing API this type of channel is not well supported and cannot be used for some cases, as documented below. The add-on submission API has full support (see `--use-submission-api`). |
| `unlisted` | The extension gets submitted for signing for the purpose of [self-distribution](/documentation/publish/self-distribution/) on your own website.                                                                                                                                                      |

</div>

One example of using the `--channel` option is to [create a beta version](/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/#signing-test-version-listed) for a `listed` extension (that is, one you have already [submitted to addons.mozilla.org](/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on/)).

::: note alert
With the signing API, setting `--channel=listed` for a new extension is not yet supported. See [https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804](https://github.com/mozilla/web-ext/issues/804). (The add-on submission API has full support.)
:::

::: note alert

> With the signing API, setting `--channel=listed` for a new version of a listed extension is not well supported. It will upload your new version to [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org) as if you'd [submitted it manually](/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on/). However, the command will fail and you'll have to check [addons.mozilla.org/developers/addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/developers/addons) for the correct status. (The add-on submission API has full support.)

Author: ```suggestion
Setting `--channel=listed` for a new version of a listed extension is not well supported. It will upload your new version to [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org) as if you'd [submitted it manually](/documentation/publish/submitting-an-add-on/). However, the command will fail and you'll have to check [addons.mozilla.org/developers/addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/developers/addons) for the correct status.
```

:::

> See [documentation on the signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html#uploading-a-version) or [documentation on the add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
See [documentation on the signing API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/signing.html#uploading-a-version) for more information.
```

#### `--id`

A custom identifier string for the extension. This has no effect if the extension already declares an identifier in its manifest. This option may be useful for signing versions of an existing extension that you own. 

::: note alert

> This variable cannot be used with the add-on submission API - custom identifers must be specified in the manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option cannot be when `--use-submission-api` is also used: the add-on ID must be specified in the `manifest.json` file.
```

Author: generally agree with the suggestion, but it's got a grammar mistake (missing `used`?)

Reviewer: ugh, sorry. fixed

:::

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_ID`

#### `--amo-metadata`

Path to a JSON file containing an object with metadata to be passed to the add-on submission API. Typically this is used to submit the required metadata for the first listed version of an extension (e.g. `categories`; `license`), but any [supported JSON metadata](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html) can be supplied. 

::: note alert

> This variable is not used with the signing API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is only used when combined with `--use-submission-api`.
```

Author: I'm going to merge the suggestion, but I note that `--amo-base-url` doesn't use the same terminology about combining options.
